d:\data\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Get Out!\Get Out!\bin\Debug\resources.pri
d:\data\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Get Out!\Get Out!\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
d:\data\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Get Out!\Get Out!\bin\Debug\Get Out!.build.appxrecipe
d:\data\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Get Out!\Get Out!\bld\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
d:\data\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Get Out!\Get Out!\bld\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
d:\data\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Get Out!\Get Out!\bld\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
d:\data\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Get Out!\Get Out!\bld\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
d:\data\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Get Out!\Get Out!\bld\Debug\priconfig.xml
d:\data\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Get Out!\Get Out!\bld\Debug\layout.resfiles
d:\data\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Get Out!\Get Out!\bld\Debug\resources.resfiles
d:\data\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Get Out!\Get Out!\bld\Debug\pri.resfiles
d:\data\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Get Out!\Get Out!\bld\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
d:\data\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Get Out!\Get Out!\bld\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
D:\Data\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FrogOutWin8\Get Out!\bin\Debug\resources.pri
D:\Data\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FrogOutWin8\Get Out!\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
D:\Data\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FrogOutWin8\Get Out!\bin\Debug\Get Out!.build.appxrecipe
D:\Data\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FrogOutWin8\Get Out!\bld\Debug\priconfig.xml
D:\Data\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FrogOutWin8\Get Out!\bld\Debug\layout.resfiles
D:\Data\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FrogOutWin8\Get Out!\bld\Debug\resources.resfiles
D:\Data\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FrogOutWin8\Get Out!\bld\Debug\pri.resfiles
D:\Data\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FrogOutWin8\Get Out!\bld\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
D:\Data\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FrogOutWin8\Get Out!\bld\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
D:\Data\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FrogOutWin8\Get Out!\bld\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
D:\Data\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FrogOutWin8\Get Out!\bld\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
D:\Data\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FrogOutWin8\Get Out!\bld\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
D:\Data\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FrogOutWin8\Get Out!\bld\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
